My plan is to create a lottery/trading game using the ethereum network. It will have three main parts: buying a "card,"
looking at all of one's "cards," and trading/sending a "card" to another ethereum account holder. I would like to create
an HTML/JS interface for this project. 

"Cards" will be created with varying rareness. (I will probably only create ten or so cards for this proof of concept,
but ideally there would be hundreds like in a real trading card game.) When one first accesses the page, he or she will be able
to check how many cards one holds (which should be none unless someone else sent one) and will be able to buy a card through
a "lottery" system. Because contracts must be deterministic, my idea is to base the "randomness" on the time and the user's
account hash. If there is a better way to do this, I would like some help with that. This transaction may cost 0.0025 ether
(ideally about $0.50). There is no limit to how many cards a user can buy, but there is a limit to how many cards a user can 
own. (Because I will be having only about 10 cards, a 50 limit seems reasonable.) In order to get rid of a card, a user must
trade them away.

There will be a "dump" account to trade to as well, but in order to normally trade, one must own the card he or she is trading
and know the account address of who he or she is trading to. If the reciever has the limit of cards, he or she cannot recieve
the trade. It does not cost anything other than gas to trade.

Additionally, a user on the page can enter an account and view all the cards said account holds (ie this is public information).
My idea is to keep a dictionary of lists for where cardholders are the key and cards are the contents of the lists. (If there
is a better collection for this, please let me know.) For the page retrieval, all cards will be shown to the page by accessing
the dictionary via the address hex.

Out of the ten cards, three will be "very common," three will be "common," two will be "rare," one will be "very rare," and one
will be "ultra rare." 

Finally, if the owner of the contract will be able to retrieve the ether put into the contract into the same account at any time.
If the contract is killed, all cards will become inaccessible.
